(yawns)
LOOK, I KNOW YOU'RE TIRED,
BUT JUST THINK HOW GOOD
YOU'RE GONNA FEEL TOMORROW
WHEN YOU WAKE UP
AND WE HAVE ALL-NEW SHELF PAPER.
I WISH I DIDN'T GET
WHAT YOU WERE TALKING ABOUT,
BUT I DO. I JUST DO.
(cell phone rings)
HEY, WHO COULD BE CALLING
AT THIS HOUR?
(ring)
OH. IT'S SAL.
MNH-MNH.
(beep)
NO. NOT ANSWERING THAT.
WHATEVER EARTH-SHATTERING DRAMA
SHE'S GOING THROUGH CAN WAIT.
(pounds on door)
UNTIL SHE G(pounding)
OH, GOD.
I HOPE WE HAVE VODKA.
WE DON'T, MITCHELL.
(pounding continues)
SAL WAS OUR BEST GIRLFRIEND
FROM BACK IN OUR PARTY DAYS,
BUT OVER THE YEARS, WE'VE KIND
OF GONE IN DIFFERENT DIRECTIONS.
WE CHOSE FORWARD.
(doorknob rattling)
(Sal) WHY WON'T THIS OPEN?
UH, SOMETHING'S WRONG
WITH THAT DOOR.
OKAY, WHATEVER.
I HAVE THE MOST AMAZING NEWS,
AND I'M SUPER EXCITED,
BUT I WON'T BE
IF YOU DON'T WANT ME TO BE.
READY?
I'M GETTING MARRIED!
OH, MY GOSH!
CONGRATULATIONS!
OH, WOW!
(high-pitched voice) I KNOW!
WHO'S THE GUY?
OH, THE LOVE OF MY LIFE.
OH, SO YOU FINALLY
BAGGED YOUR BOSS?
OH! YES, BUT IT'S NOT HIM.
AND I DON'T WORK THERE ANYMORE.
MM.
HIS NAME IS TONY.
OKAY.
I MET HIM THREE MONTHS AGO.
MM-HMM.
HE'S THE GREATEST GUY EVER.
AND SERIOUSLY,
ARE YOU GUYS OKAY WITH THIS?
OF COURSE.
WHY WOULDN'T WE BE?
WELL, YOU KNOW,
BECAUSE I CAN GET MARRIED,
AND YOU GUYS...
UGH! CANT.
SO? THAT DOESN'T MEAN
YOU SHOULDN'T.
REALLY?
BECAUSE I WILL NOT GO THROUGH
WITH IT IF YOU DON'T WANT ME TO.
SERIOUSLY.
NOT NECESSARY.
I MEAN, WHAT KIND
OF PEOPLE WOULD WE BE
IF WE DENIED YOU OR ANYONE
THE RIGHT TO MARRY?
HASH TAG POLITICS.
(squeals)
THIS MAKES ME SO HAPPY
BECAUSE I WANT YOU TWO
TO BE MY BEST MEN.
(gasps) YES! YES! OF COURSE!
OF COURSE!
OKAY.
THE WEDDING IS
GONNA BE SUPER CUTE,
JUST US,
A LITTLE DINNER AFTER.
OH, AND IT'S NEXT FRIDAY.
OH.
WHAT, IT'S NEXT FRIDAY?
YEAH.
HOW WILL WE HAVE TIME
TO DO BEST MAN STUFF?
YOU KNOW, LIKE HELP YOU
PICK OUT YOUR DRESS,
GET YOUR FLOWERS,
GET OUR HAIR
BLOWN OUT? (chuckles)
HE'S NEVER BEEN
A BEST MAN BEFORE.
OH, MY GOD,
WE'RE GETTING MARRIED!
LET'S HAVE A DRINK.
YEAH, WE'RE OUT OF VODKA.
I WILL SEE YOU ON FRIDAY.
♪
AND INITIAL HERE
AND HERE AND HERE.
AY, MY ARM IS STARTING
TO HURT.
JUST A COUPLE MORE.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
NOTHING.
I HAVE TO GET THIS PACKAGE,
BUT THERE'S SO MUCH SIGNING.
GET OUT OF HERE,
YOU PERV.
(lowered voice)
WHAT'S THE MATTER WITH YOU?
YOU DON'T DO THAT
IN FRONT OF STRANGERS.
AT LEAST
THROW A BLANKET OVER.
I AM NOT ASHAMED.
OBVIOUSLY.
THEY'RE OUT ALL THE TIME--
IN FRONT OF MANNY, AT THE CLUB,
AT CLAIRE'S DINNER
THE OTHER DAY.
PHIL ALMOST ATE A CANDLE.
FINE. NEXT TIME, I WILL FEED
YOUR BABY INSIDE A DARK CLOSET.
I'M JUST SAYING
PICK YOUR MOMENTS, HUH?
LIKE LET DALIYA OPEN THE DOOR.
THAT'S WHY WE HIRED HER.
DALIYA?
MY MOTHER RAISED
SIX CHILDREN
WHILE WORKING
AT A CONSTRUCTION JOB.
SHE WOULD BE SO ASHAMED
IF I HAD A NANNY.
I DON'T SEE A LOT OF SHAME
FROM YOUR MOM
WHEN SHE'S CASHING MY CHECKS
EVERY MONTH.
HEY, DALIYA,
WE GOT TO GO SEE
MANNY'S TEACHER.
WOULD YOU TRY TO COAX
A BURP OUT OF THIS ONE?
COME HERE, LITTLE GUY.
CAN YOU HOLD HIM
A LITTLE HIGHER?
I WILL. I'M JUST
LETTING HIM GET SETTLED IN.
OKAY, WE'RE GOING.
BYE-BYE, JOE.
HE LIKES TO BOUNCE A LITTLE.
CAN YOU CUP YOUR HAND
SO THAT HE DOESN'T FEEL LIKE
YOU'RE SLAPPING?
OKAY.
SHE KNOWS IT.
STOP MICROMANAGING.
OW!
CUP YOUR HAND.
HELLO.
HEY.
HEY, CAN ONE OF YOU GUYS DRIVE
ME TO MY CELLO THING TONIGHT?
HONEY, I WISH WE'D KNOWN.
YEAH. WE GOT A DINNER THING
WITH THE FLENDERSONS.
OKAY,
YOU DON'T HAVE TO STAY,
AND THOSE AREN'T EVEN
REAL PEOPLE.
SORRY. I PANICKED.
I GOT STUCK BETWEEN
THE FLEMINGS AND THE HENDERSONS.
OH, MY GOD.
ARE THOSE NEW BOOTS?
YES.
I LOVE THEM.
THEY'RE SO CUTE!
THEY ARE?
OH, I FORGOT TO TELL YOU--
DANIELLE GUNSTON--FIRST ONE
IN MY CLASS TO GET PREGNANT.
YOU TOTALLY CALLED IT.
DID YOU HEAR THAT?
MY MONEY WAS ON
DENISE MODICK.
NO. FIRST SHE COMPLIMENTED
MY FASHION SENSE,
THEN SHE TOLD ME
I DID SOMETHING RIGHT.
PHIL, I THINK
IT'S HAPPENING.
RAISING A KID IS LIKE SENDING
A ROCKET SHIP TO THE MOON.
YOU SPEND THE EARLY YEARS
IN CONSTANT CONTACT,
AND THEN ONE DAY,
AROUND THE TEENAGE YEARS,
THEY GO AROUND THE DARK SIDE
AND THEY'RE GONE.
ALL YOU CAN DO IS WAIT
FOR THAT FAINT SIGNAL
THAT SAYS THEY'RE COMING BACK.
I THINK HALEY
IS SENDING ME THAT SIGNAL.
(clears throat)
AND?
AND PHIL GAVE ME
THAT ANALOGY.
YEAH.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I THINK I'M GONNA ASK HER
OUT TO DINNER TONIGHT.
DO YOU THINK SHE'LL SAY YES?
(lowered voice) IF YOU WANT,
I CAN PASS HER A NOTE
IN STUDY HALL.
HEY.
WHAT DID I DO?
OH, MY GOD.
NOTHING.
I JUST WANTED TO KNOW,
IF YOU WEREN'T BUSY,
YOU KNOW,
IF YOU WANTED TO HAVE
DINNER WITH ME TONIGHT?
DINNER?
JUST YOU AND ME?
I MEAN, YOU DON'T HAVE TO.
IT'S COOL. DON'T WORRY.
NO, SOUNDS FUN.
LET'S DO IT.
OKAY. LET'S MEET
BY THE FRONT DOOR, THEN.
YOU KNOW, 7:00?
OKAY.
YEAH.
(whispers) I TOTALLY THINK
SHE LIKES YOU!
(whispers) I THINK SO, TOO.
FIRST OF ALL,
I JUST WANT TO SAY
WHAT A PLEASURE IT IS
TO HAVE MANNY IN ART CLASS.
HE'S TALENTED--
CAN WE JUST SKIP
TO WHAT HE DID WRONG?
WHO SAID
THAT HE DID SOMETHING WRONG?
HIT IT.
WE DO HAVE AN ISSUE.
TOLD YOU.
MANNY SEEMS
TO HAVE QUITE A FASCINATION
WITH THE FEMALE NUDE.
SO? HE'S A ROMANTIC.
WELL, THIS IS ALL HIS ART WORK
OVER THE LAST FEW WEEKS.
HOLY MOLY.
THERE WERE EVEN MORE,
BUT I THINK THE JANITOR TOOK
SOME HOME.
LOOK AT THIS.
MM.
AND THIS.
AND THESE.
(thud)
(gasps)
LOOK, I'M AN ARTIST.
I'M FREE.
I USED TO HAVE
AN EARRING UP HERE.
BUT SOME OF THE OTHER PARENTS
HAVE COMPLAINED.
WELL, THE MOMS.
HE MUST HAVE LEARNED THAT
AT SCHOOL.
BECAUSE WE HAVE FILTERS
IN THE COMPUTER,
AND I HAVE THROWN OUT
ALL OF JAY MAGAZINES.
DON'T KNOW WHAT
SHE'S TALKING ABOUT.
THERE IS NO WAY THAT MANNY HAS
SEEN THIS SORT OF THING
AT OUR HOME.
WE'LL TAKE IT FROM HERE.
HEY, BUDDY.
IT'S JUST YOU AND ME TONIGHT.
SOUNDS GOOD.
I'LL BE RIGHT DOWN.
ALL RIGHT.
I KNEW IT!
WHAT ARE YOU HIDING?
PORN.
DON'T LIE TO ME!
FINE. I'M TRYING
TO SEND A MESSAGE
TO A GIRL ON FACEBOOK,
BUT SHE'S SO OUT OF MY LEAGUE.
LOOK AT HER.
OH, YEAH.
SHE'S CUTE.
I'VE BEEN
SITTING HERE FOREVER
AND I CAN'T THINK
OF ANYTHING TO SAY.
WELL, YOU ARE IN LUCK.
IF ANYONE KNOWS THE ART
OF WOOING THE FAIRER SEX,
IT'S THIS GUY.
(typing)
"HEY."
WAIT!
SEND.
(chimes)
WHY DID YOU TYPE THAT?
NOW SHE KNOWS
I'M THINKING ABOUT HER.
(chimes)
SMILEY FACE.
OH, MY GOD.
STOP NOW.
WE CAN ONLY
SCREW IT UP FROM HERE.
PLEASE. YOU'RE IN THE HANDS
OF THE MASTER.
I THINK I KNOW HOW TO PICK UP
A 14-YEAR-OLD GIRL...
FOR YOU.
"WHAT'S THE HAPS TONIGHT?"
BOOP.
(chimes)
"WHAT'S THE HAPS TONIGHT"?
NOBODY SAYS THAT.
(chimes)
"GOING TO THE MALL.
WANT TO MEET?"
"DINNER AT ROSA GRILL
IN AN HOUR"
QUESTION MARK. BOOM!
(chimes)
KIDS DON'T EAT DINNER.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
YOU DON'T EAT DINNER?
WHAT DO YOU DO?
I DON'T KNOW.
YOU JUST WALK
AROUND AND JUMP OFF STUFF.
YOU CAN'T INVITE A GIRL
TO JUMP OFF STUFF.
WELL, IT'S WAY BETTER THAN--
(chimes)
"SEE YA THEN. X.O."
YOU'RE IN, BUDDY.
I GOT TO GET READY.
OH!
(spritzing)
(breathing heavily)
ALL RIGHT, LET'S GO
BEFORE THIS WEARS OFF.
I THINK WE HAVE
A FEW DAYS.
UGH.
(jazz playing)
WELL, THANK YOU, DIMPLES.
(chuckles) OH, YOU BETTER
GET THAT OUT OF YOUR SYSTEM,
'CAUSE IN TWO HOURS,
YOU'RE GONNA BE...
(singsongy)
MRS. ANTHONY LOMBARDO.
(laughs) SO DOES
THIS ITALIAN OF YOURS COOK?
IN EVERY ROOM OF THE HOUSE,
IF YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN!
OOH!
(imitates bed squeaking)
WE HAVE A LOT OF SEX.
YEAH. GOT IT.
OKAY, NOW LET'S HAVE
A PROPER TOAST. ALL RIGHT.
MM. MM-HMM.
TO WILD SAL.
OW! YEAH!
YEAH!
YOU GAVE IT A GOOD RUN,
BUT LIKE EVERY
LEGENDARY GUNSLINGER,
THERE COMES A TIME WHEN YOU NEED
TO HOLSTER YOUR WEAPONS
AND RIDE OFF
INTO THE SUNSET.
BUT YOU TOOK ON EVERY MAN
WHO CAME TO TOWN.
(laughs)
I REALLY DID!
YOU SURE DID.
(laughs)
ALSO, YOU KNOW,
I'M JUST GETTING MARRIED.
I'M NOT DYING.
NO, NO. WE'RE JUST HAPPY
YOU'RE HAPPY.
AND WE'RE EXCITED
THAT WE'RE GONNA GET TO SEE
SO MUCH MORE OF YOU NOW.
YES. WE'LL BE COUPLE FRIENDS.
MM-HMM.
WE'LL GO TO MOVIES...
TAKE CLASSES...
OH, OUR GAME NIGHTS
ON SATURDAY...
HUGE. MM-HMM.
THEY'RE EPIC, YEAH.
DO YOU PLAY CRANIUM?
WELL, IF I'M PLAYING BOARD GAMES
ON A SATURDAY NIGHT,
YOU CAN SHOOT ME
IN MY CRANIUM.
BUT I LOVE YOU!
I NEED TO TAKE A WHIZ.
OH.
(clears throat) MM.
I AM SO HAPPY FOR HER.
I THINK WE MIGHT HAVE
FREAKED HER OUT, THOUGH.
OH, NO, MITCHELL.
COME ON.
YOU'RE A SMART MAN,
BUT YOU ARE AWFUL
AT READING PEOPLE.
SAL'S BEEN DIFFERENT
THIS WEEK.
THAT IS A WOMAN IN LOVE.
(glass shatters, Sal moans)
LOOKS LIKE A WOMAN IN LOVE.
WOW.
(moaning and kissing)
LOOK, NOBODY'S AS HAPPY
AS I AM ABOUT YOU
LOVING THE LADIES.
ALL I'M SAYING IS,
YOU GOT TO PULL BACK A LITTLE.
OKAY.
AY, MANNY,
THIS IS ALL MY FAULT.
I AM TOO FREE
WITH MY BODY.
IT WAS OKAY WHEN YOU WERE
A LITTLE BOY, BUT--
WAS IT?
BUT NOW THAT YOU'RE
A YOUNG MAN, AND...
(Manny) I DIDN'T HEAR A WORD
THEY SAID.
ALL I COULD THINK
ABOUT WAS DALIYA.
EVERY DRAWING, EVERY POEM,
EVERY HISTORICAL NOVEL I WROTE
WAS FOR HER.
SHE WAS MY MUSE.
TOSS IN A BODY
THAT DOESN'T QUIT,
AND I THINK WE GOT A SOUL MATE.
SO THERE'S A LOT OF
OTHER THINGS YOU CAN DRAW.
YOU'VE GOT YOUR LANDSCAPES.
YOU'VE GOT YOUR BOWLS OF FRUIT.
TREES.
A BARN. THE LADIES
WITH THE FRUIT ON THE HEAD.
I SAID FRUIT.
BUT YOU DIDN'T SAY THE LADIES
WITH THE FRUIT ON THE HEAD.
I'M TRYING TO GET HIM
AWAY FROM THE LADIES.
AH, GOOD. GOOD. GOOD.
(indistinct conversations)
(scoffs)
THIS IS SO STUPID.
WHAT IF I SPILL ON HER,
OR ACCIDENTALLY
BRUSH MY BOOB AGAINST HER HAND?
I MEAN HER HAND
AGAINST MY BOOB.
DUDE, STAY COOL.
YOU GOT THIS.
I'M GONNA BE AT THE BAR
THE WHOLE TIME.
IF YOU START TO PANIC,
JUST COME GET ME.
SHH. THERE SHE IS.
(giggles nervously)
WHAT WAS THAT?
I DON'T KNOW. I'VE NEVER
HEARD IT BEFORE.
TRY NOT TO LET
THAT HAPPEN AGAIN.
HI, LUKE.
PRETTY GOOD.
UH, I MEAN, HI, SIMONE.
UH, THIS IS MY DAD.
DAD, THIS IS LUKE.
(laughs) YOU'RE FUNNY.
LOOKING. (laughs)
(lowered voice) CLUTCH.
WHAT ARE YOU
STILL DOING HERE?
(exhales) WHAT THE HELL
GOT INTO ME?
BESIDES
THE BARTENDER'S TONGUE?
YES. YES, WELL, THAT WAS
A LITTLE INAPPROPRIATE.
BUT LET'S NOT OVERREACT.
IT'S PERFECTLY NATURAL
TO HAVE A PANIC ATTACK
BEFORE MAKING
A BIG LIFE DECISION.
WHAT IF IT'S
THE WRONG DECISION?
WHAT IF TONY'S NOT THE GUY?
WHAT IF HE'S THE GUY?
OR HIM?
HE IS CUTE.
WHEN DID HE COME IN?
OKAY, YOU NEED TO FOCUS, SAL.
YOU ARE ABOUT TO MAKE
A SACRED, LIFELONG COMMITMENT.
AAH! YOU ARE NOT
MAKING THIS BETTER!
(cell phone chirps)
OH, GOD, IT'S TONY.
I'M SUPPOSED TO PICK HIM UP
AND DRIVE HIM TO THE WEDDING?
EVERYBODY SHUT UP
FOR A SECOND!
(exhales loudly)
OKAY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'M GONNA MARRY HIM.
WHAT'S THE WORST THAT
CAN HAPPEN? I GET A DIVORCE.
PEOPLE DO IT ALL THE TIME.
(phone chirps)
OH, YOU'RE SUFFOCATING ME!
IT IS NOT TOO LATE.
YOU ARE NOT MARRIED YET.
(breathing heavily)
YOU'RE RIGHT.
OKAY. THAT'S GOOD.
GET IT ALL OUT. (moaning)
HERE. STAND UP.
OKAY, MOM?
MOM. MOM. OH, MY GOD, MOM,
I THINK I GOT IT.
I'VE BEEN LUGGING THIS THING
AROUND FOR TEN YEARS.
OKAY, WELL, YOU SURE
YOU DON'T WANT US TO STAY
AND--AND HEAR YOU PLAY?
MM, THAT'S OKAY.
YEAH, I AGREED TO DINNER,
NOT TICKETS TO
THE ELECTRIC LIGHT DORKESTRA.
DON'T BE SO MEAN
TO YOUR SISTER.
NO, THAT'S OUR BAND'S NAME.
SO YOU WANT TO GO BACK
TO THAT VEGAN PLACE?
OOH. LEATHER JACKET.
CAN'T TAKE THE HATE.
HALEY!
GABBY!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
I JUST STOPPED IN
FOR A BUMP OF COFFEE
BEFORE I MEET UP WITH ZOE
AND THOSE GUYS AT NOODLECAT.
DO YOU WANT TO GO?
SO WHAT'S--WHAT'S NOODLECAT?
OH, IT'S THIS
REALLY COOL ASIAN PLACE
THAT SELLS, LIKE, A MILLION
DIFFERENT KINDS OF NOODLES.
AND HOPEFULLY, NO CAT.
WELL, THAT SOUNDS COOL.
SO YOU DON'T MIND IF I GO?
OH, I KIND OF THOUGHT
WE HAD PLANS.
OH. YEAH. YOU'RE RIGHT.
SO I CAN MEET
YOU GUYS THERE AFTER.
HOW LONG ARE
YOU GONNA BE THERE? NO.
IT'S FINE. IT'S FINE. GO.
I'LL STAY AND WATCH ALEX.
OH, NOW I FEEL BAD.
MM.
(singsongy) LOVE YOU! MWAH.
(blinds clatter)
(sports on TV)
EXCUSE ME.
YOU'RE LUKE'S DAD,
AREN'T YOU?
(mouth full) MM-HMM.
I'M VALERIE, SIMONE'S MOM.
OH. PHIL.
HI.
I RECOGNIZED YOU
FROM WHEN YOU HOSTED
THE SCHOOL'S TALENT NIGHT.
OH.
YOU WERE INCREDIBLY LIMBER.
AH, WHEN YOU WEAR
THE RIGHT PANTS.
PLEASE, SIT DOWN.
THANK YOU.
YEAH.
SO HOW IS
THE BIG DATE GOING?
I DON'T KNOW.
SIMONE WAS SO NERVOUS.
WHEN THEY WERE CHATTING
ON THE COMPUTER,
I HAD TO WRITE
EVERYTHING FOR HER.
THAT'S SO FUNNY.
I DID THE SAME THING FOR LUKE.
SO THE WHOLE TIME
WE WERE TALKING TO EACH OTHER?
WAIT, DOES THAT
MAKE THIS OUR DATE?
(laughs)
WELL, A GOOD FATHER,
FUNNY, HANDSOME.
A GIRL COULD DO
A LOT WORSE.
(giggles nervously)
YOU KNOW WHAT, MITCHELL?
FORGIVE ME
IF MY MISSOURI IS SHOWING,
BUT WHAT SHE IS DOING
IS NOT MARRIAGE.
IT'S A MOCKERY OF MARRIAGE.
IT'S MOCKERAGE.
AND I'M GONNA STOP IT.
NO, NO, YOU'RE NOT.
I CAN'T HELP BUT THINK
YOU'RE INFUSING THE SITUATION
WITH JUST A TOUCH
OF YOUR OWN FRUSTRATION.
WHY, BECAUSE WE'VE BUILT A LIFE
TOGETHER FOR THE LAST TEN YEARS?
BECAUSE WE'RE
RAISING A CHILD?
OR BECAUSE I WAS THE FIRST
PERSON TO THINK OF DOING
AN ELABORATELY CHOREOGRAPHED
DANCE AT OUR WEDDING,
AND NOW IT'S BEEN DONE
TO DEATH?
MAKES YOU FEEL ANY BETTER,
I WAS NEVER GONNA DO THAT.
BUT... I GET IT.
WELL, YOU KNOW WHAT?
SHE CAN'T GET MARRIED
IF THE BEST MAN DOESN'T
HAND OVER THE WEDDING RING.
YOU WOULDN'T.
YES, I WOULD.
WHERE IS IT? GIVE IT TO ME.
GIVE ME THE RING.
CAM. STOP. STOP.
YOU HAVE TO GIVE ME--
OH, WELL, THIS IS
A MYSTERY SOLVED.
(singsongy) THANK YOU!
(squeals)
OKAY. LET'S GO DO THIS.
OKAY.
HOW HOT DOES TONY LOOK?
ON A SCALE
OF 1 TO BARTENDER, OR--
REEL IT IN, CAM.
I THINK THIS IS BROKEN.
WE'RE GONNA HAVE TO FIND
ANOTHER SPOT.
NO, WE'LL BE LATE
FOR THE MOVIE.
ARE YOU SURE
YOU'RE DOING IT RIGHT?
WE BOTH KNOW I KNOW
HOW TO USE A CREDIT CARD.
I'LL PUT A NOTE ON THE METER.
LET ME GET A PIECE OF PAPER.
MAYBE THIS IS A BAD SIGN.
MAYBE I'M NOT SUPPOSED
TO BE IN THE MOVIE THEATER.
I'M SUPPOSED TO BE
AT HOME WITH MY BABIES.
HONEY, WE KNOW THAT DALIYA
KNOWS HOW TO TAKE CARE OF JOE.
AND WHAT ABOUT MANNY?
HE'S SUPPOSED TO RUN
HIS OWN BATH?
YOU KNOW, CONSIDERING WHAT'S
BEEN GOING ON WITH HIM,
IT MIGHT BE GOOD FOR YOU
TO GIVE HIM A LITTLE SPACE.
I MEAN, THIS WAS HIS IDEA.
WHAT WAS?
THAT WE GO OUT TONIGHT,
SO THAT WE COULD GET
SOME ALONE TIME.
OH, THAT'S SWEET.
UH-OH.
WHAT?
WE GOT TO GET HOME.
LOOK--MANNY'S NOTEBOOK.
MORE DRAWINGS AND A POEM--
"ODE TO DALIYA."
SO THOSE WERE NOT MY BOOBS?
THEY WERE DALIYA'S BOOBS?
YEP. THIS IS NOT
A "NUDE DESCENDING A STAIRCASE,"
THIS IS A "NUDE VACUUMING
A STAIRCASE."
OKAY, MANNY. JOE'S ASLEEP.
WHAT DO YOU WANT FOR DINNER?
ACTUALLY, ALREADY
TAKEN CARE OF.
(light piano jazz playing)
(chatter)
(instruments tuning)
YOU SHOULDN'T PLAY
WITH YOUR FOOD.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
I KNEW YOU WERE UPSET I LEFT,
AND I FELT BAD, SO I CAME BACK,
YOU'RE HERE OUT OF GUILT?
I KNOW. I'M GROWING UP.
OH.
WHY ARE YOU ROLLING
YOUR EYES AT ME?
I'M DOING A NICE THING.
BECAUSE I WANT YOU TO BE HERE
BECAUSE YOU WANT TO BE HERE.
OKAY, YOU'RE BEING
REALLY NEEDY RIGHT NOW.
(whispers) OH, MY GOD. ARE YOU
GOING THROUGH THE CHANGE?
STOP ASKING ME THAT
EVERY TIME I EXPRESS AN EMOTION.
AND NO, I AM NOT.
IT'S JUST SO DAMN HOT IN HERE.
I AM DISAPPOINTED,
THAT'S ALL.
WHEN YOU WERE LITTLE, WE USED
TO DO EVERYTHING TOGETHER.
AND I THOUGHT MAYBE
YOU WERE COMING BACK AROUND,
AND WE COULD
BE FRIENDS AGAIN.
I JUST... MISS BEING PART
OF MY DAUGHTER'S LIFE.
(amplified voice)
HEY, EVERYBODY.
THANKS FOR COMING.
♪
♪ OH, WHOA... ♪
I THOUGHT THIS WAS SUPPOSED TO
BE SOME SORT OF CLASSICAL THING.
ME, TOO.
(harmonizing) ♪ OH, WHOA ♪
♪ OH, OH, OH ♪
SHE SINGS?
I DON'T EVEN KNOW
WHO THAT IS.
♪ OH, OH, OH ♪
(laughs)
(chuckles)
OH, MY GOD, PHIL,
YOU ARE HILARIOUS.
YEP. THAT'S HOW I GOT
MY WIFE OF 20 YEARS.
COULD WE GET THE CHECK,
PLEASE?
OH, I GOT THIS.
OOH, FUNNY AND GENEROUS.
(chuckles)
IF MY HUSBAND
WERE MORE LIKE YOU...
(sets down card)
MAYBE I'D STILL BE MARRIED.
(laughs)
WELL, IF MY WIFE WERE HERE,
SHE'D WANT ME TO BE CLEAR
THAT I'M FULLY COMMITTED TO HER.
YOU KNOW THAT, RIGHT?
WHAT?
NO, I JUST WANT TO
MAKE SURE,
BECAUSE YOU UNBUTTONED
A BUTTON,
AND I... LOVE MY WIFE, SO--
YOU WERE THE ONE
WHO WAS FLIRTING
AND SAYING WE'RE ON A DATE.
THAT WAS A JOKE,
BUT I'M--I'M SORRY
IF I MISLED YOU AT ALL.
THANK YOU.
BUT THERE WAS
A LOT OF TOUCHING.
I TOUCHED YOUR SHOULDER
FOR A SECOND.
NO, IT WAS MORE
OF A STROKE, LIKE THIS--
(clatter, glass shatters)
OKAY.
I'M SO SORRY FOR TOUCHING
YOUR HAND WITH MY BOOB.
I MEAN MY BOOB
WITH YOUR HAND.
IS THIS YOUR LITTLE GAME?
YOU COP A FEEL
ON A SAD DIVORCEE
AND THEN PRETEND I'M THE ONE
COMING ON TO YOU?
HOW DOES THAT FEEL?
OH. WEIRD.
YOU LIKE IT?
YEAH?
OH. UH...
LITTLE BIT OF THAT?
WHOA.
YEAH.
LITTLE BIT OF--WHOA. NO.
YOU PROBABLY LIKE THIS.
DON'T YOU? YEAH.
OH, STOP IT. YOUR DAUGHTER'S
RIGHT OVER THERE.
MY MINIVAN
IS RIGHT OUTSIDE.
THAT IS NOT WHAT I MEANT.
THIS PIZZA IS DELICIOUS.
I LIKE IT, TOO.
WE HAVE SO MUCH IN COMMON.
HAVE YOU SEEN
THE BACK OF YOUR MENU?
(romantic piano playing)
"WITH SILKEN HAIR
AND SUPPLE OLIVE SKIN
AND HANDS THAT WASH
THE LAUNDRY OF MY KIN..."
OH, MANNY...
YOU STILL HAVE
12 LINES TO GO.
SPOILER ALERT--
I LOVE YOU.
(Jay) OKAY, BACK AWAY
FROM THE NANNY.
OH, MY GOD, IT LOOKS LIKE
A MADONNA VIDEO IN HERE!
(switch clicks)
WHY AREN'T YOU AT THE MOVIES?
WE NEED TO TALK RIGHT NOW.
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO MY SON?!
I DIDN'T--
SHE DIDN'T DO ANYTHING.
WHY DO YOU HAVE TO
EMBARRASS ME?
EMBARRASS YOU?
MAYBE IF
YOU DIDN'T FALL IN LOVE...
(all shouting at once)
STOP THIS!
YOU'RE GOING TO WAKE
THE BABY.
NOW MANNY AND I ARE
HAVING A PRIVATE DISCUSSION.
SO PLEASE,
GIVE US A MINUTE.
I'LL GIVE YOU YOUR MINUTE
RIGHT THIS MINUTE. MNH.
GLORIA. GLORIA.
GO AHEAD, MANNY.
I'M NOT SAYING WE NEED
TO DO ANYTHING RIGHT AWAY.
I'M JUST ASKING YOU
TO WAIT A FEW YEARS.
YOU ARE SO SWEET.
WHOEVER ENDS UP WITH YOU
IS THE LUCKIEST WOMAN
IN THE WORLD.
THAT COULD BE YOU.
NO.
I AM UNLUCKY,
BECAUSE I WAS BORN TOO SOON.
AND I CAN'T HAVE YOU
WAIT AROUND.
POETS HAVE TO LIVE.
BESIDES, IN A FEW YEARS,
YOU'LL FEEL DIFFERENTLY.
YOU'RE WRONG. I'LL FEEL THIS WAY
FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE.
WELL, MANNY, WAIT.
AY, MANNY, PAPITO LINDO--
LEAVE ME ALONE.
SORRY ABOUT THAT.
DON'T BE. IT'S THE SWEETEST
OFFER I'VE EVER GOTTEN.
I AM SO SORRY
THAT I SCREAMED AT YOU.
IT WAS SO NICE
WHAT YOU TOLD HIM IN THERE.
(door slams, Joe wailing)
I TAKE MANNY,
YOU TAKE THE LITTLE ONE?
OKAY.
HE PROBABLY JUST WANTS--
SHE KNOWS WHAT TO DO, JAY.
TIRAMISU.
I LOVE HIS TIRAMISU.
MARRIAGE IS A PROMISE.
(sighs)
IT SAYS TO THE WORLD
THAT YOU SHARE A LOVE
AND A COMMITMENT TO EACH OTHER
THAT WILL ONLY GROW DEEPER
AS THE YEARS GO BY.
NOW HAVE YOU TWO
WRITTEN VOWS?
YEAH, I'LL GO.
MARRIAGE TERRIFIES ME.
TAKE MITCH AND CAM.
I USED TO THINK THEIR LIFE
LOOKED SO BORING.
I COULD NEVER DO IT.
PAY BILLS?
WASH DISHES? WAKE UP
TO THE SAME FACE EVERY DAY?
(scoffs)
I FELT SORRY FOR THEM.
WHERE IS THIS HEADED?
BUT THEY'RE NOT BORED.
IT TURNS OUT WHEN
YOU'RE WITH THE RIGHT PERSON,
YOU CAN CHANGE SHELF PAPER
AT 10:00 AT NIGHT
IN YOUR PAJAMAS
AND NOT WANT TO BE
ANYWHERE ELSE.
THAT'S HOW MUCH
THEY LOVE EACH OTHER.
(voice breaks) WE SURE DO.
AND WHEN I JUST SAW
YOUR FACE,
I REMEMBERED...
(voice breaking)
THAT'S HOW MUCH I LOVE YOU.
THANKS FOR BEING HERE.
(crying) WE WOULDN'T
BE ANYWHERE ELSE, SAL.
AND DO YOU
HAVE ANYTHING PREPARED?
HIT ME, BABY.
I MADE OUT
WITH A STRIPPER LAST NIGHT.
SORRY. I JUST
WANT TO START THIS CLEAN.
I MADE OUT WITH
A BARTENDER... AN HOUR AGO.
YOU'RE NOT JUST SAYING THAT
TO MAKE ME FEEL BETTER, ARE YOU?
BACK ME UP. DIDN'T I?
SHE TOTALLY DID.
I TOTALLY DID!
YEAH. HE WAS HOT, TOO.
HE WAS VERY GOOD-LOOKING.
NICE.
WELL. THAT WAS DIFFERENT.
WHO'S GOT THE RING?
HAND 'EM OVER. (giggles)
(song ends)
(cheering)
THANK YOU GUYS SO MUCH.
ALEX, HONEY, AMAZING.
WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL US?
OH, I-I DON'T KNOW.
THAT WAS SO GOOD.
UH-HUH.
IF I DIDN'T KNOW YOU,
I'D BE ALL LIKE,
"THAT CHICK IS COOL."
MM-HMM.
HEY, GUYS, HI. I'M ALEX'S MOM.
UM...
YOU WERE TERRIFIC.
HEY, AND I'M HER SISTER.
WE'RE GONNA GO
GET SOME DINNER.
DO YOU WANT TO COME WITH US?
YOU CAN BRING YOUR FRIENDS
FROM THE BAND.
UM, NO, THANKS.
WE'RE ACTUALLY GOING OUT,
AND I HAVE A RIDE HOME,
SO SEE YOU GUYS LATER.
OKAY.
OH.
OH, MY GOD. SORRY ABOUT THAT.
DID SHE JUST
APOLOGIZE FOR US?
YEP.
BUT WE WERE JUST
BEING NICE.
SUCKS, DOESN'T IT?
LUKE, I'M SORRY SIMONE'S MOM
DRAGGED HER AWAY SO FAST.
IT'S OKAY. I WAS RUNNING OUT
OF THINGS TO SAY.
GUESS I KIND OF BLEW IT
FOR YOU, DIDN'T I?
NO.
NOW THAT HER MOM
DOESN'T WANT HER
GOING OUT WITH ME ANYMORE,
SIMONE WANTS ME
MORE THAN EVER.
I GUESS SHE'S HEADING
INTO A REBELLIOUS STAGE.
BEST TIME TO GET 'EM.
NEVER BE AFRAID TO GO AFTER
A GIRL WHO'S OUT OF YOUR LEAGUE.
I DID. THAT'S HOW
I GOT YOUR MOM.
YEAH, I ALWAYS WONDERED
HOW YOU PULLED THAT ONE OFF.
(chuckles) SHE WAS IN
A REBELLIOUS STAGE, TOO.
YEP, GRANDPA WASN'T ALWAYS
AS CRAZY ABOUT ME AS HE IS NOW.
I'M GONNA GO POP THE CHAMPAGNE
AND GET SOME GLASSES.
YAY!
I'LL HELP.
(singsongy)
I'M GONNA GET CRANIUM.
HEY. (clears throat)
HEY.
SORRY YOU COULDN'T COME
TO THE WEDDING.
IT WAS NO KIDS.
IT'S OKAY.
I'LL GO TO YOUR NEXT ONE.
(laughs)
WOW.
YEAH. SHE--SHE JUST MEANS
WHEN SHE'S NOT A KID ANYMORE,
YOU KNOW?
SHE KNOWS WHAT I MEAN.
(lowered voice)
I DON'T LIKE YOU.
I'LL GET OVER IT.